
--- Page 4 ---
Backend Intern Assignment - Organization
Management Service

Objective

Build a backend service using any     backend framework      of your choice preferably   a Python
framework   (Django/FastAPI) that supports     creating and managing organizations       in a
multi-tenant style architecture. It is preferred to use MongoDB as      a database.
The system should maintain a Master Database for global metadata and create dynamic
collections for each organization.

Your task  is to design and implement the required REST APIs        and authentication flow.


Functional Requirements

1. Create Organization

Endpoint: POST /org/create
 Input:

    ●   organization_name
    ●   email (admin email)
    ●   password (admin password)

Expected Behavior:

    ●   Validate that the organization name does      not already  exist.
    ●   Dynamically   create a new Mongo collection specifically       for the organization.
         Example collection name pattern: org_<organization_name>.
    ●   Create an admin user associated with that organization.
    ●   Store the following in the Master Database:
            ○   Organization name
            ○   Organization collection name
            ○   Connection details   (if required)
            ○   Admin user reference
    ●   Return a success    response with basic   organization metadata.

--- Page 5 ---
2. Get Organization by Name

Endpoint: GET /org/get
 Input:

    ●   organization_name

Expected Behavior:

    ●   Fetch and return the organization details       stored in the Master Database.
    ●   If the organization does     not exist, return an appropriate error.



3. Update Organization

Endpoint: PUT /org/update
 Input:

    ●   organization_name
    ●   email (admin email)
    ●   password (admin password)

Expected Behavior:

    ●   Validate that the organization name does         not already   exist.
    ●   Dynamically    handle the new collection creation specifically          for the organization and
        sync   the existing data to the new Table/Collection.



4. Delete Organization

Endpoint: DELETE /org/delete

Input:

    ●   organization_name

Expected Behavior:

    ●   Allow deletion for respective authenticated user only
    ●   Handle deletion of the relevant collections       of this organization


--- Page 6 ---
5. Admin Login

Endpoint: POST /admin/login
 Input:

    ●   email
    ●   password

Expected Behavior:

    ●   Validate the admin credentials.
    ●   On success, return a JWT token containing:
            ○    Admin identification
            ○    Organization identifier/ID
    ●   On failure, return an unauthorized error.



Technical Requirements

A. Master Database

Should store:

    ●   Organization metadata
    ●   Connection details     for each dynamic    database
    ●   Admin user credentials      (securely  hashed)

B. Dynamic Collection Creation

When an organization is      created:

    ●   Programmatically     create a new Mongo collection for that organization.
    ●   The collection can be empty       or initialized with a basic  schema (optional but good to
        have).

C. Authentication

    ●   Implement admin login using JWT.
    ●   Passwords     must be hashed (e.g., bcrypt).



--- Page 7 ---
Additional questions

Do you think    this is a good architecture with a scalable design? What can be the trade-offs               with
the tech stack   and design choices? Please feel free to explain briefly           if you can design
something better. We would love to hear that.



Submission Guidelines

Candidates    should submit:

    ●   GitHub repository      link
    ●   Modular and clean design - Preferably           Class  based
    ●   Instructions   to run the application in README.md
    ●   A high level diagram of the project
    ●   Brief notes   explaining the design choices        (optional, but appreciated)





